Hi everybody, today is a big day for us because we are releasing our first and probably last
vinyl.
And it's available to buy it now if you go to qi.com/vinyl, not only does it have on
it an exclusive vinyl podcast episode, there is a secret hidden track from the Slipknot
frontman Cory Taylor.
It also contains a card which means you can download online that episode and you can also
download the first 52 episodes for no such thing as a fish, so the first year of fish.
You do not need a record player to be able to play anything that's available on this
vinyl.
You can just pin it to your wall, go online and actually listen like a modern human if
you like.
What do you know about being a modern human?
But here is something and the bonus episode is also available online on iTunes and all
the other places.
And we've been told that if enough listeners download it, we have a natural chance of
getting into the UK album charts.
Yes.
And we will perform live on top of the pops.
Is that sort of thing?
You know how I was saying about you, not being a modern human.
OK, I'm with the show.
[MUSIC]
Hello, and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
This week coming to you from the Lyric Theatre in London's West End.
My name is Dan Schreiber, and please welcome to the stage the three regular elves.
It's Andy Murray, Anna Chazinsky, and James Harkin.
And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
Starting with you, Andrew Hunter Murray.
My fact this week is that Lord Byron's nickname for William Wordsworth was "William Terzworth."
[LAUGHTER]
He had a way with words, he was an engineer.
They were living in the same time, they were mates.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, they weren't mates.
They weren't at all.
Yeah.
Byron thought Wordsworth was very boring, and so he called him that.
There's this whole cache of letters they've just found from Lord Byron to a friend of his.
It was a clergyman.
And yeah, he happens to slag off Wordsworth as Terzworth, and there you go.
[LAUGHTER]
I was quite surprised that the word "Therz" existed so far back.
Really?
Yeah.
Did you-- I thought of it as more of a modern thing.
I don't think of it as a word like hyperlink or--
[LAUGHTER]
I thought they were exactly the same thing.
I have a look on Hansard, which is the House of Parliament kind of transcripts, and nobody
has ever directly called another MP a "Therz" in the entire history of Parliament.
[LAUGHTER]
The closest anyone came was in a hunting debate a few years ago, when the MP for Worcester,
Michael Foster, was described as a nasty snide little "Therz," but in that case the MP was
quoting Harry M. Field, so it didn't look like that directly.
I think you're still calling someone something when you're quoting someone else.
Yeah.
He was saying, isn't it bad that they called him this?
Yeah, basically.
You're a real dickhead, said Rick Maill in bottom.
[LAUGHTER]
It's so called on the guy a dickhead.
The world record for uttering the word "Therz" in Parliament.
What?
World record.
Well, it's not really a world record.
But most world records, you have to bring someone to record it, especially in, so that must
have been a phone call where they said, "I've got a big idea I want to do in Parliament
today.
Are you up for calming?
Is it frequency or volume?"
It was frequency.
Frequency is Tony Banks, the former Minister for Sport, and he said, "It's three times
in two years in the late 80s."
[LAUGHTER]
So it's very visible.
Yeah, you could say it ten times in ten seconds if you wanted to.
It's true.
All I'm saying to the current MPs that there is a chance of breaking that record.
Yeah.
There was one time where he said, "I've read every time MP has ever said "Therz" and there
was one when Tony Banks said it and he said, "There was an occasion when I walked around
the corner and was faced with a terrible dilemma of seeing a £1 coin embedded in a dog
turd."
And then he said, "I managed to find a small boy who for 50p was prepared to meet you."
Bill, were they debating at the time?
It was about dog mess on the streets.
OK.
George Bush used to call Carl Rove, "Therz Blossom," didn't he?
Yeah.
Chief of Staff, Carl Rove, but it was a compliment.
OK.
So Turd Blossom is a flower, apparently, in California, wherever that grows out of shit.
And George Bush said, "You know, you're so great, Carl Rove, you can turn a bad thing
into a good thing."
So you're Turd Blossom.
Also, I reckon that was an emergency meeting with the biggest minds of America going,
"OK, I just called Carl Rove Turd Blossom.
I just want to turn this around on its head."
I just got one more thing from Hansard.
I was so hoping to talk about Lord Byron about romantic verse.
Yeah, well, tough.
The first time that ever anyone said "twat" in Parliament was a guy called Bill Cash.
And he described Field Marshal Lord Carver as a boring old twat in 1986.
And the second use of the word "twat" was immediately afterwards with an unnamed MP shouting,
"He said "twat!"
[LAUGHTER]
Byron liked insult, his fellow poets a lot, didn't he?
And if it all romantic poets had all these rivalries between them, but he said about Keith,
he wrote "piss a bed poetry," which I don't know what that means.
Like, did it mean you were the best when you read it?
Well, "piss a bed" was an old name for Dundee Lion, so maybe it was another question.
I just didn't feel judging by the tone of it.
And he goes on to say, "No more keats I entreat, flay him alive.
If some of you don't, I must skin him myself.
There is no bearing the driveling idiotism of the mankin."
So I don't think he was calling him a fan.
I don't know if I called that, I must say.
He also said that his writing was a sort of mental masturbation.
Wow.
I think he meant it, yeah.
I have quite a good thing on a literary feud, which happened.
So, A.N. Wilson, he's a famous author, and he was writing a book about John Becherman,
just decades ago.
And so was another person called Bevis Hylia, and A.N. Wilson was so rude about Bevis Hylia's
book, which came out first in a review.
And when he was writing his, a little while later, he got this letter from a mysterious
French woman, which included this, like, gold dust for interviewers.
It was a hitherto unknown copy of a letter from John Becherman to one of his mistresses.
And Wilson was so excited, and he printed the letter in full in his book, only for Bevis
Hylia to reveal that he had sent the letter, and that it was an acrostic, and that the first
letter of every sentence spelt out, A.N. Wilson is a shit.
I put it in his own book.
I found out something really rude about Lord Byron.
When he died, he was buried in a really odd way.
They removed his organs, and they put them in jars, and it was in a different country.
And when he came back, he was buried, and they weren't quite sure if it was definitely
him.
And so someone wanted to find out.
And they made a discovery that not many people have spoken about.
So this was the sentence, basically, before replacing the lid, the vicar, who was the person
who was looking for him, noted that his sexual organ showed quite abnormal development.
He began to tap the spot just above Byron's knee, and he said, he was built like a pony.
That was in the tomb, that's not a horse.
You know, we're being really critical.
So when they got his body out of the tomb, there was seven people present.
So there was Thomas Gerard Barber, who was the canon of the church.
He was an unnamed doctor, a surveyor called Nathaniel Lane, a local archaeologist, a photographer
called Mr. Bullock, and the local MP was there, and I promise you, this was his actual name.
He was called Frederick Seymour Cox.
No.
I promise.
Honestly.
That's his name, honestly.
You know what they say?
Seymour Cox, my name.
Byron didn't wonder where, apparently, and apparently this is what was fashionable.
Just can't find them in his size.
Do you have that in pony?
No, that was, and the reason was, and it was common, like people like Bob Rommel and
other fashionable people in Byron's era weren't wearing pants either, and it was because
tight trousers were in fashion at the time, and it was to avoid VPL, do people still
say VPL?
They used to say when I was at school.
What's VPL?
A visible panty line.
They didn't say it was to avoid that.
The historian, who's book I was reading, said, "The line of the trousers was not to be interrupted
by underwear, and so he largely didn't wear any underwear."
He bought white linen trousers and batches of 24 at a time.
Wow.
What was he doing to them?
Going through them.
I did not think this fact would be this penicy, and I like to put them on the record.
We're going to have to move on very soon to our next facts.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Do anything before we do?
I have a fact about nicknames.
Okay.
Yeah.
At least ten kings of Serbia had the nickname "The Crowned," as all they could think of for
them.
It's imaginative.
My favorite nickname of all time, there was a guy called Leo II, he was Roman Emperor, and
he was known as Leo the Butcher.
That's not my favorite one.
He was called the Butcher because he killed the patriarch of Alexandra's supporters, and
he was called Timothy the Cat, but that's not my favorite either.
Because Timothy the Cat had replaced another guy called Timothy Wobble-Hat, and nobody
knows why he was called Timothy Wobble-Hat.
There's two main theories.
One of them is that he flip-flopped between religious positions, and the other one is
he had a Wobble-Hat.
Okay, let's move on to our second fact.
It's time for our second fact, and that is James Harkin.
Okay.
My fact this week is that if you grow a cost lettuce on a spaceship, it tastes like rocket.
Yeah, so this is the first ever lettuce that's been grown in space.
It was a red-remain lettuce, which is also known as a cos lettuce, and astronaut Scott Kelly
said it tastes good, kind of like arugula, and in this country we call arugula rocket.
It's weird that he didn't manage to make that leap, though, from arugula to the word rocket
as someone living on a rocket.
They called it, apparently, at the time, a giant leaf for mankind.
Also, when they ate it, apparently, because they had to freeze half of them, I think, to
return to earth for studies if they picked up any radiation or any microorganisms or anything.
But they also ate the other half, and they were really happy of it, and they put extra virgin
olive oil and balsamic vinegar on the leaves, but they had already cleaned the leaves with
sanitizing wipes.
I don't know why they're both mentioning that, because that's just normal, isn't it?
Do you know the thing that astronauts most like to eat in space?
You'll know this.
Almost every single astronaut who comes back from space says, "So there's a bunch of staple
meals that you get given in space."
I think they have their meals repeated every eight days, so you've got eight days worth of
meals, and then you have to go back to the start.
The one that they all love is Broncoctel, and they all rave about it, so Chris Hadfield,
Jim Riley, Jim Lovell, they all say that Jim Cocktail is their favourite.
There was one astronaut who said that he, because the astronauts choose their menus before
they go out into space.
If you're out there for a year, you have to write down what you want, there's a big commitment.
He said he has a word with the astronauts before they're about to go out into space,
saying, "Make sure you do the Broncoctel, because I'm not going to be giving you any of mine
in space."
You're going to really, really want it.
But apparently it's delicious.
One thing they do like is really spicy foods, or very flavoursome foods, and the reason for
that is because the blood goes into your sinuses, because no gravity is such, and you can't
really taste things properly.
I did a radio show which we had Helen Sharman on earlier this year.
Helen Sharman, first British astronaut into space.
Yeah.
Back to you, Jamesy.
And she said that when she went into space, she was warned.
Basically, the Russians are going to have loads and loads of garlic, and the Americans are
going to have loads and loads of chili.
And when you go up there, it is going to smell bad.
And apparently you're warned not to say anything.
When you go up there, just pretend that you can't smell it, because these people haven't
seen a human for months and months, and the last thing they want to do is you come in
and go...
Fucking hell.
Someone opened a window.
You know how if you go into places like the Science Museum, or anywhere that has astronaut-based
products, you always buy astronaut ice cream.
Astronaut-based products.
Astronaut-based products?
And Stainsbury, in that section, you tell me where the astronaut products are.
Well, try IL-10, nine, eight.
So anyway, so you know, astronaut ice cream is a massive thing and everyone buys it, and
we all eat it, and we go, "This tastes horrible, but they eat it in space."
It turns out that astronaut ice cream was used for one mission, and it was in 1968.
No one liked it.
It was too crumbly.
It's never been out back again.
And so the makers of it went, "Well, what do we do with this?
Let's just pretend it's still a thing."
So every time anyone eats it and goes, "This tastes terrible, but oh, doesn't it feel
like space?"
No one's eating it.
It didn't work.
It's a failed product.
When do you say everyone buys it and eats it?
Out of interest.
I come to my family for Christmas.
There are plans to farm in space.
One of the advantages apparently, so it's good at the idea of farming in space for various
reasons, but one of them is that the Veggie project, which is what this is part of, could
be used by astronauts in space for recreational gardening during the long-duration missions,
which I quite like, because they all have their own allotments.
They are NASA once shipped a specific bit of fruit up into space because they wanted
to do an experiment and attribute to Isaac Newton.
So they sent up a bit of the tree that Newton had the idea under, and they sent it up with
an apple because they thought, "Oh, this would be great," film a video of not only the bit
of the tree that taught us about gravity, but also an apple.
So they brought it up and they were all set to film, and it was looking like it was going
to be an amazing video to put online.
And as they were about to film, they forgot to tell one of the astronauts that they were
doing that, who suddenly saw this floating apple going, "Oh, God, there's an apple."
She ate the apple, and they went, "Where's our apple?" and she went, "Hm?"
And then they had to film the video with a pair.
You can see on YouTube there's a pair floating in space, and they don't mention it.
They're like, "Wow!"
The first ever Swedish astronaut was a guy called Krista Fugelsang, and he tried to take
reindeer meat into space because it was around Christmas time, and it's a delicacy, but
he was told it wasn't very Christmasy.
To eat reindeer.
Yeah, it's like bringing a piece of Santa Claus up to the end.
So on lettuce, lettuce has been an aphrodisiac for three thousand years, apparently.
And the reason is, I didn't realise this, so part of it is because of its upright kind
of phallic structure, so it was considered an aphrodisiac in ancient Egypt, and continued
to be considered that throughout Rome and Greece, and it's because it's got this upright
structure, and also it's the Krista latex, at the bottom of it, which it oozes like white
liquid when you cut it.
Wait, hang on, did you say it's the Krista at the base?
Yes.
Well, that's one point of difference.
Right.
If you're listening to this, and that sounds like you, you need to contact a doctor immediately.
Of course, it's green.
But supposedly we've bred it, so it's much more domesticated, and we sort of tamed
the wild lettuce, which did have all these sort of sexy connotations, and we've now got
really boring iceberg lettuce and things like that, which are not sexy at all, then they're
not.
Yeah, because it was too rude before.
Yeah.
It was postcard for your stuff.
Um, I found a couple of foods in space that are not food.
Okay.
Yes, explain.
So, the process of falling into a black hole is called spaghettification.
Yeah.
That's an actual scientific word, and the idea is that when you fall into a black hole,
as you may do, you get stretched out, longer and longer like spaghetti.
Yeah.
And so some scientists just said that's spaghettification.
Yeah, the tidal forces end up stretching you like spaghetti, yeah.
Yes.
So, that's what spaghetti is.
That's what spaghetti is.
That's how we get spaghetti.
I'm giving up.
The other one I found is that in the US Army, there was a program back in the day, a
future weapons office, for in case we colonise the moon, and they invented a sausage
gun.
What?
Wait.
It didn't shoot sausages, but it did a process whereby you make sausages coming out of the
gun.
And there was an actual thing that the Pentagon worked out and said that once the war gets
way enhanced and we're all on the moon fighting, you're going to need your sausage gun.
It's not exciting.
So, does that have anything to do with sausages?
There's no sausages.
It's not made of a gun.
The gun's not made of sausages.
To be honest, I stop reading when it's so sausage-cars, so.
That's pretty exciting there, doesn't it?
A sausage gun's on the moon.
It's time for our third fact of the evening, and that is my fact.
My fact this week is that scientists have grown an ear using Van Gogh's DNA.
Yeah!
Okay, so this is what it was.
It was an artist decided that they wanted to do a project where they could regrow an
ear and they found, on the back of a stamp, some saliva from Van Gogh and they used it and
they contacted one of the great, great, great nephews of Van Gogh and they managed to get
some of their cells off them and they created a kind of scaffolding and they regrown the ear,
the left-hand side ear that would have been sliced off when he sliced it off, that's amazing.
Oh, we totally are 100% sure that whoever it was that stole Van Gogh's ear in the first
place, hasn't been burying this burden of guilt for the last 150 years and thought I've got
to let it out and they've just put it on the market and said, "I'll grow it."
But no one knows what happened to it, right?
Was it not supposed to be given to our prostitutes?
Well, yeah, so it's thought they gave it to our prostitute, but there's another theory
that Gogan chopped it off.
So I think Gogan was living with Van Gogh at the time and I think Van Gogh likes Gogan
more than Gogan like Van Gogh and Gogan was also like an, you know, ardent fencer and
they used to have a lot of fights.
And so people at Peace together said that what happened is they had a fight, Gogan chopped
Van Gogh's ear off and then Van Gogh was such a needy, weird housemate and Gogan wanted to
move out anyway and he was like, "It's alright, I won't tell anyone.
I'll just say that I chopped off my own ear and I sent it to a prostitute.
Is that what you say if I do that?"
And that's a genuine theory.
Yeah.
I've had arguments with housemates before and it sounds plausible.
You know you can get a disappearing ear Van Gogh mug.
When you pour in hot water, his ear disappears.
Oh!
Disappoints by bandage.
It's really cool.
Oh, that's really cool.
I think what I'm saying is wrong.
It should be Van Gogh.
Something.
Van Gogh.
Yeah.
So it's very hard to say his name.
A very old thing that happened on this episode was that I once said in a fact Van Gogh
because that's what I thought his name was.
And we got, I got a tweet when the show went out and I just, I just want to read you the
tweet.
Episode 28.
At 10 minutes, 55 seconds.
Why did you incredibly stupidly and ignorantly say Van Gogh instead of Van Gogh?
And then I wrote back to him because I was really angry but I wrote back to him saying sorry
and wait till he hear how I say Covert Garden.
What I wanted to say was, go fuck yourself.
So on ears, a woman recently grew an ear on her arm and that was because she'd had a kind
of skin cancer that meant her ear had, she didn't have an ear anymore, and she wanted to regenerate
her ear and so it was grown on her arm as does sometimes happen.
So there's another guy in China I think who had a nose grown on his forehead which if you
Google image it is very impressive and you know it was used to replace his nose a couple of
months later.
Anyway this woman had an ear grown on her arm and it was in order to be transplanted back
on to where her ear should be a couple of months later.
So the surgeon who did it said she had some fun with it.
If the kids got into trouble, she'd roll up her sleeve and say tell it to the arm.
In 2009, this is a news article, doctors have saved the woman's severed lobe by stitching
it to her bottom.
Julia Schwarz's right ear was bitten off by her best friend in a fight over a lover and
they stitched it onto her ass and kept it there until they could pull it because she had too
much scouring that they couldn't pull it on straight away so they stitched it onto her
ass.
But why the ass?
It's about availability of blood vessels and availability of skin, there's a lot of skin
on your ass.
All right.
There was someone else here.
I really enjoyed this, I can't remember what paper it was in, but it was someone who designed
a mechanical or something who cut off the tip of his finger or half of his finger and had
to have it regrown.
Again, they thought let's try and regrow this on a part of your body so that it gets fed
by the blood vessels and so that the muscle can be grown and the skin can grow around it.
And so they sewed his finger onto his stomach, but I think I read this article on maybe the
Huffington Post and on the picture of it, they've blacked out like you would if someone was
showing their penis or something, they've blacked out the bit where you see the finger grafted
onto the stomach and then you can only see it if you scroll right down to the bottom and
there's a big black box over and I think it because it does look a bit phallic, but it's
not a penis, it's just a finger on somebody's stomach.
Well you say it looks like a penis, does it have white stuff coming from the base?
I was when I was looking into Van Gogh, there's a Van Gogh, there's a theory, there's an actual
theory that he used to paint at night with candles on his hat so that he could see in the evening.
And his nickname was Flamie Hat.
There are many theories as to why.
Can I mention another thing about this ear, which is really exciting.
So because it was done by an artist, you can actually visit the ear that's been grown.
It's a New York City and they've done it in a way that you can talk to the ear and I don't
fully understand the science of it, but-
It can't hear anything by the way.
Well from what I gather, when you talk to it, the ear kind of slightly moves in a way that
it's going, no, it responds to what you're saying.
And the first person to speak to this ear when it was initially debuted in Germany was
Nome Chomsky, that's a Nome Chomsky, and then the ear went, "Wow!" and we don't know what
he said.
But a really cool thing about this work of art is that it's called Sugar Babe.
The idea is that it's about the philosophical argument called the Ship of Theesius, right?
Which is if you replace every bit of a ship one by one, at what point is it no longer the
original ship?
And this applies to the band The Sugar Babes.
Can I just, I have something so cool on acoustics, which I didn't know, and which is sounds only
ten as you're related, but you know hearing trumpets, ear trumpets that they used to use before
hearing aids were invented.
The reason they were invented, it was in the 17th century, and it was because Puritan
couples in America, when they went out to dine with each other, they wanted to have private
conversations, but they had to sit opposite each other because there was no intimacy allowed.
And so they sat opposite each other, but they wanted to have private conversations, they
launched you, you know, chats or whatever, and so the ear trumpet was apparently invented
in order that he could be sitting there with your boyfriend and he could be saying into
this end of the trumpet, you know, I really want to have sex with you.
I wish that all adult chattelines were starved by women with ear trumpets.
Can I tell you one cool thing about ears?
Yes, please.
Butterflies have ears on their wings, and complete with ear drums, their proper ears, but they
use them to hear bats ultrasound, and when scientists play ultrasound to butterflies, they
start flying in crazy patterns, sort of doing evasion tactics to get away from a predator,
and butterflies evolved at the same time that bats developed the ability to use echolocation
and develop their big ears.
And the theory is that butterflies started flying in a daytime to avoid bats, or in other
words, bats invented butterflies.
Let's move on to our final fact of the show, and that is Anichaczynski.
Yeah, my fact is that the larger Pacific striped octopus catches its prey by sneaking up
behind it and tapping it on the shoulder.
Yeah, this has only just been documented this behaviour.
Well, it was actually documented once in the 1970s, and a biologist wrote a report on it.
No one believed it, and it was ignored, and it's only just been rediscovered, the behaviour
of the larger Pacific striped octopus.
But the way that it hunts is, it sneaks up, it's called a slow bounce.
So it's like a grandmother's footsteps, and it sits there hiding on the sand.
It's only small, it's only a few inches big, and it's chasing a shrimp, and it will sneak
a bit further and further up behind it when the shrimp can't see, and eventually, when
it's close enough, it gets one of its tentacles, or its arms, or its legs, or whatever you want
to call them, and it gets its leg around to the front of the shrimp, and it prods it here,
and then the shrimp's like, "Oh, fuck, there's a predator here!" and it rebounds right
back into his mouth.
And that's how it does it.
That's amazing.
It's so cool.
Look it up.
There's a video of it, which is excellent of an octopus sneaking up on a shrimp.
Another thing octopus does do, this is so cool.
They fling sand or debris in each other's faces when they're fighting, so you know scenes
of films where the villain throws some sand into the hero's eyes.
They do that.
Oh my god, down at every movie.
They don't see the gut, the bad and the octopus.
But they do it with shells and debris, like hard shells and debris as well.
So they have a kind of water ejector system, which means they pick up a shell, and they
propel it with this water ejector system at their enemies, and knock them unconsciously.
So, yeah, this is actually amazing.
You mentioned this age ago in the office.
So they throw a shell and then they have this water pistol that launches the shell behind
it.
So it picks up speed like a bullet towards like a sausage bullet, like a moon sausage bullets.
They also, by the way, they carry armor with them.
So if they're going into battle, or if they predict battle may happen to them, they carry
coconut shells, often two at a time, and they will travel on the seabed.
So the enemies think they're a horse.
But they genuinely have coconuts, and they have the shells, and then as soon as the enemy
started attacking, they'll bring the coconut shells up over them, like, "I swear to god,
this is true."
It is amazing to watch.
Again, videos of that aren't there, and they pull the coconut shells in to create one
coconut.
But if you try to drink the milk from inside it, there's an octopus.
They seem to have personalities, octopuses, and lots of scientists say that if you watch
an octopus, it watches you back.
One scientist, he had teased the octopus, he had offered it a fish, and then he'd really
quickly taken it away again, right?
And then when he got into the office the next day, as soon as he walked through the door,
the octopus had been waiting in its tank and squirted him with this water funnel, with
a huge jet of water.
However, there were already loads of splashes of water on the wall, which implies the octopus
had been doing target practice at the scientist's height, and was just waiting for him to come
in in the morning so he could get him with water.
Isn't that incredible?
That's amazing.
Well, the endless conundrum with octopuses is octopuses, that they hate each other.
They like to be solitary, except for the larger Pacific striped octopus, by the way, if
there's one here, they're really sociable, but that's really weird.
They're the first species that's been seen to be sociable, so actually, there was in the
experiment that my fact was about one of the scientists said, "It was really amazing
watching them.
They're so sociable.
I put two in a tank together, and they didn't kill each other."
Most of them hate each other, but they have to have sex in a very intimate way, which is
quite unusual for animals like that, so the way they have sex is they insert their penis
arm into the…
Let's pose you there as I do.
Wait, have a penis arm.
Yep.
Have they ever had one as a penis arm?
That's what right or left-handed means.
So the world record for an octopus opening a jar is 54 seconds, and this all kind of started
as an experiment at Seattle Aquarium, where they gave childproof bottles to octopuses to
see if they could open them.
The first attempt for opening one of these by a Pacific octopus, as well, called Billy,
it took him 55 minutes to open it, or her, sorry, and within a bit of practice, she could
open these within five minutes, but Roland Anderson, the lead researcher, said, "These results
do not imply octopuses are smarter than children."
It's easy to open childproof stuff once you've worked out the trick.
Yeah.
As soon as you know to push it before you twist it, then you're gold.
I can't believe it's in five minutes after that.
There was an American group called Safe Kids, who tried out whether children could open
these or not.
They gave the containers to the kids and said, "We want you to open them.
Three to one go."
And then the kids were asked to open them as quickly as they could.
And every single child in the group could open at least one of the bottles that they were
given.
And Olivia, who opened two within a minute, was interviewed by a researcher.
She said, "I'm really fast, because I'm a big girl."
Oh.
That's nice, isn't it?
Very nice.
There's an Indonesian species of octopus where they sometimes build bunkers, they don't
build bunkers.
They just dig in the sand.
The male stays in a little hole in the sand is built and it's lined with mucus, and he
sends his arm over across the seafloor and down into the den of the female next door and
has sex with her that way.
But sometimes the females go out mid-sex on an errand or something.
If I had a pound from her.
But we're never shot to groceries in my house.
They accidentally drag the male along with them.
Again, if James had a pound.
Both of us, it's an accident because it's a massive danger in octopus sex of the female
eating the male because they love to eat male octopuses and so the best time apparently
if you're a male octopus out there to have sex with a female is while she's eating because
then she's distracted while she's foraging, so maybe he's chosen to go for it that way.
But that's why they go for the long-distance sex, isn't it?
To try and make sure they don't get eaten, and sometimes she will suddenly leap out and
propel herself towards him and swallow him whole.
Or strangle him to death sometimes during sex, as in like Zenia, all the tops, does anyone
remember her?
And her 90s body films, yeah.
They'll have sex, get the sperm in them, and then struggle them to death and eat them.
It's like an all-in-one kind of deal.
Okay, that's it, that's all of our facts, thank you so much for listening to our episode.
If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
the course of this podcast, you can find us on Twitter.
I'm on @Sriberland, James @Xshaped, Andy @AndrewHunterM, Chazinski.
You can email podcasts at qi.com.
Yep.
If you could also head to those such things at fish.com, where we have all of our previous
episodes.
Also, as this episode goes out, it's a launch day of our vinyl, so be awesome if you could
get that.
We will be back again next week.
Thank you so much for being here, guys.
We'll see you again next time.
Have a good day.
[Applause]
(upbeat music)